Editor's comment 1: The Emotional Distress subscale of the Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire is typically a 5-item scale. You report that what you call the Emotional Adjustment scale included three items. I am wondering why you did not include all five items that are typically included on this scale?

Response: We apologize for the confusion; we do use all 5 items, and these items are assessed on a three-point scale from “not true” to “certainly true”. Thus, we believe there is some confusion between the number of items and the number of response options. In the previous version, we reported the number of items per scale in Supplementary Table 1. To address this comment, we now mention the number of items for each scale in the text of the revised manuscript.

Editor's comment 2: [...] readers might be confused by some of your terminology around between- and within-family effects.

Response: We agree that the notion of "between-family level random intercepts and slopes of within-family level effects", although technically correct, could incite confusion about the between- and within-level. To address this comment, we have removed all reference to the between-family level when discussing the within-family effects, and vice versa. Technically inclined readers might take issue with this simplification - but they will most likely understand the results regardless, and for less technically inclined readers, this simplification might substantially benefit comprehension.

We've changed this language througouht the manuscript; as an example, the specific Table header you refer to now reads:
"Standardized regression coefficients of quantitative involvement on between-family differences in qualitative parenting and emotional adjustment, and on within-family predictive effects"

Editor's comment 3: I will also point out that readers who make a direct comparison between the between- and within-family level correlations in Table 1 might not be so persuaded by your claim. Yes, there are more significant correlations at the between-families level than the within-families level, but it is six versus four. This is not such an enormous difference. 

Response: It's important to note that we make no such claim about the number of between- and within-family correlations. Our claim is: "The present study found substantial evidence for correlations at the between-family level; evidence for within-family predictive effects was limited, and revealed mostly child effects." We checked the manuscript for ambiguous language with regard to this point. One notable section that we rewrote to prevent any confusion is the sentence on the importance of between-family level correlations. The key piece of evidence here is that the intraclass correlations are so high, indicating that about 60% of the variance in parenting is at the between-family level. We used some of the insights from the previous round of reviews to rewrite this section as follows:

"It has been argued that within-family predictive effects are of prime theoretical relevance in developmental psychology (Keijsers et al., 2016). And yet, our study and others (e.g. Van Lissa et al., 2019) have found high intraclass correlations, meaning that the brunt of variance in the variables studied is due to stable between-family differences. This suggests that between-family level correlations should be treated as an outcome of interest. Future research could seek to understand why evidence for between-family level correlations outweighs evidence for within-family parenting effects."
